Add filter permission and group (#535)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/authorization.md

}
```

#### Authorizing via Filters

> You can restrict access to multiple routes through a [Controller Filter](https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/incoming/filters.html). One is provided for both restricting via groups the user belongs to, as well as which permission they need. The filters are automatically registered with the system undeer the `group` and `permission` aliases, respectively. You can define the protectections within `app/Config/Filters.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict access to multiple routes through a [Controller Filter](https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/incoming/filters.html). One is provided for both restricting via groups the user belongs to, as well as which permission they need. The filters are automatically registered with the system under the `group` and `permission` aliases, respectively. You can define the protections within `app/Config/Filters.php`:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Typo: undeer -> under

Reviewer 2: Protetection -> protection
